Addon: Create @storybook/addon-themes (#23524)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/snippets/common/storybook-addon-themes-classname-decorator.ts-4-9.mdx

```ts
// .storybook/preview.ts

> // Replace your-framework with the framework you are using (e.g., react, vue3)
> import { Preview, Renderer } from '@storybook/your-framework';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Replace your-renderer with the renderer you are using (e.g., react, vue3)
import { Preview, Renderer } from '@storybook/your-renderer';
```

Reviewer: Applies to all `.ts` snippets here.
